Revamp Azure AD connector with more functions (#21)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure.ad: aad/Package.md

Connects to Azure AD from Ballerina

### Package Overview
The `ballerinax/azure.ad` is a [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) connector for Azure AD.
This package provides the capability to easily access Azure AD.

#### Compatibility
|                               | Version                       |
|-------------------------------|-------------------------------|
| Ballerina Language Version    | **Swan Lake Beta2**           |
| API Version                   | **Microsoft Graph API v1.0**  |

### Report Issues

> To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc., go to the [https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure.ad](link)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc., go to the [Ballerina Microsoft Azure AD repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-azure.ad)
```

Author: Fixed this. thanks
